Aoxue, you are here
Li Wushuang, do you have something to do with me?
Isn't our wedding date approaching?
I'll show you the wedding dress
Finish the wedding dress
Young Master Li Wu, do you really want to marry me?
The wedding date has been set
What's the matter? So what if the wedding date is set?
You and Mr. Tang are not compatible
Stop being delusional. What did you say?
I don't deserve him
Isn't it?
Mr. Tang is the president worth over 100 million
And you're just a street vendor selling pho
Stallholders who are still struggling to survive
What goes with it?
Tang Xue, do you think so too?
Yes, I thought about it for a long time.
I don't think we're a good fit.
Why doesn't it fit?
Three years, I worked hard for three years
Transforming the Tang family from weak to upstart
Devotion is limitless
And you were the prince of the Li family
grandfather
Let you go outside to hone and inherit the family business
Hate you but be reduced to cooking noodles on the street
Lose all opportunities, what else do you have to say?
What? I lost every chance.
Your dad is already disappointed in you
Lose your wife and let your brother succeed the director
Do you think my dad let me go out to practice?
Did he take me as his wife because I didn't succeed?
Isn't it?
At first he was just looking for a reason
Get me out of the Lee family's power center
Just to put Li Dongjie on the throne
Stop making excuses for your incompetence
You are the eldest son of the Li family
Why did your father reject you?
Could it be that it is not biological?
I am my own
But Li Sihai divorced my mother
Married that fox
My mom and I have been wives ever since
Understand? It's useless to say so much
You have now been reduced to the bottom
It doesn't match Mr. Tang
If you are knowledgeable, let's get together and disperse
Yes!
Li Wushuang, you and I are already the difference between fish mud
We can't be together anymore and
To tell you the truth
My Tang family has been captured by Kowloon Collection
The team decided to provide me with crowning funds
Support Tangmen listing
Then you will be even more humble in front of me
In front of you
I will be more humble
Did you know
Who benefits?
Kowloon Group gave you a trillion-dollar investment in the Tang family